PARSE.COM

I think Parse.com is a great service, and I'd like to help it grow and become as well known as PhoneGap, Node, or CoffeeScript among developers.

I was an early employee in an Internet Startup during the early days of the World Wide Web (1996-2000). We specialized in Maps, Driving Directions, Yellow Pages, and Business Finders, so I can help Parse.com make some killer demo apps which highlight your geolocation features. I had the opportunity to be the main Web Developer for Yahoo Yellow Pages, which at that time was the #1 Yellow Pages in the world in terms of unique visitors per day, so I know the importance of scaling out as the number of users increases exponentially. I also worked with many well known brands such as Starbucks, Ford, Toyota, Wells Fargo Bank, and dozens of other companies. Starbucks liked working with me so much that they sent me free perks such as Coffee and an early edition of the Cranium Game, and even offered me a job as an IT Manager, which I declined because of our impending IPO (just before the Dot-Com crash). 

I've also worked with IT and Business Consulting business with less than 9 employees. One closed it's doors while the other expanded by changing focus, so I know the importance of strategically recognizing and seizing opportunities. I moved to China in 2002 on a "hunch" that their would be more growth in the "Middle Kingdom" than back in the USA, and got involved in the Automotive Services field a few years though my consulting work (two years later, new car sales in China exceeded those in the USA for the first time). I've recently been doing less managing and more coding writing PhoneGap Apps and think that is the direction that much of "quick" mobile software development is heading. I think that with my help and guidance, we can uncover some new revenue streams while making some great Apps which show off Parse.com's feature and benefits to developers and managers at "big businesses" alike.

_Joshua S. Weinstein_  
June 2012
